docs: quickstart and native permissions guides (#782)
GetStream/stream-video-js: packages/react-native-sdk/docusaurus/docs/reactnative/01-setup/03-quickstart.mdx

title: Quickstart
description: For when you're in a hurry and want to quickly get up and running
---
import { TokenSnippet } from '../../../shared/_tokenSnippet.jsx';

In this guide, we will cover the basics of making your first call using Stream Video.
If you haven't already, we recommend starting with the __[introduction](../../)__ and __[installation](../installation)__ steps first, as this guide will build on the material covered in those sections.

## Client setup & Calls

> Create an instance of `StreamVideoClient` that will establish WebSocket connection by connecting a user. Next you create a call object and join the call. We'll specify `create: true` to create the call if it doesn't exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create an instance of `StreamVideoClient` that will establish a WebSocket connection by connecting a user. Next, you create a call object and join the call. We'll specify `create: true` to create the call if it doesn't exist.
```

```tsx
import {
  StreamCall,
  StreamVideo,
  StreamVideoClient,
  User,
} from '@stream-io/video-react-native-sdk';
import { useEffect, useState } from 'react';

const apiKey = 'your-api-key';
const userId = 'user-id';
const token = 'authentication-token';
const callId = 'my-call-id';
const user: User = { id: userId };

export default function App() {
  const [client] = useState(
    () => new StreamVideoClient({ apiKey, user, token }),
  );
  const [call] = useState(() => client.call('default',callId));

  useEffect(() => {
    call.join({ create: true });
  }, [call]);

  return (
    <StreamVideo client={client}>
      <StreamCall call={call}>{/* We will add the video UI in the next step */}</StreamCall>
    </StreamVideo>
  );
}
```

> `default` is a call type. There are 4 built-in [call types](../../core/configuring-call-types/). and you can also create your own.

Reviewer: A bit more context after the code block will probably help. How about something like this:

```suggestion
When creating a call on the client, the string `default` is a call type. There are 4 built-in [call types](../../core/configuring-call-types/). and you can also create your own.
```

Author: Did you really mean "string" 🤣 (just kidding)

> The call type controls the permissions and which features are enabled.
> 
> The second argument is the call id. Call ids can be reused, meaning that it's possible to join a call with the same id multiple times (for example, for recurring meetings).
> 
> :::info
> Don't forget to fill the above mentioned constants (`apiKey`, `userId`, `token`, `callId`) with the values below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The call type controls the permissions and which features are enabled.

The second argument is the call id. Call ids can be reused, meaning it's possible to join a call with the same id multiple times (for example, for recurring meetings).

:::info
Don't forget to fill in the constants mentioned earlier (`apiKey`, `userId`, `token`, `callId`) with the values below.
```
